Deprecated `block_id` param in `SideSetsFromBoundingBoxGenerator` (#25095)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/multiapps/TransientMultiApp.md

[!param](/MultiApps/TransientMultiApp/sub_cycling) parameter.
When performing sub-cycling, transferred auxiliary variables on sub-apps are allowed to be
interpolated between the start time and the end time of the main app with
[!param](/MultiApps/TransientMultiApp/interpolate_transfers) parameter.

## Start and end time

The [!param](/Executioner/Transient/start_time) of the sub app may differ from
that of the main app.
If the start time of the sub app is smaller than that of the main app, then if there
is sub-cycling, then in the first step, the sub app will take steps until its time
becomes synchronized with the main app time (taking a total time step larger
than the main app's first step). If there is no sub-cycling, then the sub app
will be out of sync with the main app. If the start time of the sub app is
larger than the main app's start time, then sub apps will not take steps until
their start time is reached, regardless of sub-cycling.

The [!param](/Executioner/Transient/end_time) of the sub app may also differ from
the main app. If smaller than the parent, then the main app will continue to
solve past the main app's end time, but the sub apps will not solve anymore.

> If larger than the parent, then the sub apps will just not solve past the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If larger than the parent's end time, then the sub apps will just never solve, as they are past the main
```
